[mgmt] desktopvirtualization release (#27346)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/desktopvirtualization/arm-desktopvirtualization/CHANGELOG.md

  - Added Type Alias ScalingPlanPersonalSchedulesUpdateResponse
  - Added Type Alias SessionHandlingOperation
  - Added Type Alias SetStartVMOnConnect
  - Added Type Alias StartupBehavior
  - Interface ApplicationGroup has a new optional parameter showInFeed
  - Interface ApplicationGroupPatch has a new optional parameter showInFeed
  - Interface HostPool has a new optional parameter privateEndpointConnections
  - Interface HostPool has a new optional parameter publicNetworkAccess
  - Interface HostPoolPatch has a new optional parameter publicNetworkAccess
  - Interface Workspace has a new optional parameter privateEndpointConnections
  - Interface Workspace has a new optional parameter publicNetworkAccess
  - Interface WorkspacePatch has a new optional parameter publicNetworkAccess
  - Added Enum KnownHostpoolPublicNetworkAccess
  - Added Enum KnownPrivateEndpointConnectionProvisioningState
  - Added Enum KnownPrivateEndpointServiceConnectionStatus
  - Added Enum KnownPublicNetworkAccess
  - Added Enum KnownSessionHandlingOperation
  - Added Enum KnownSetStartVMOnConnect
  - Added Enum KnownStartupBehavior
    
    
## 1.0.0 (2023-03-09)

> The package of @azure/arm-desktopvirtualization is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/js-track2-quickstart).

Author: ```suggestion
The package of @azure/arm-desktopvirtualization is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).
```
